hey everybody today's episode is brought
to you by impact theory university's own
business decision making workshop if
you're a business owner looking to scale
your company
i can help i've created a four week
intensive workshop that's going to give
you the decision making strategies
that you need to scale your company you
can apply today all right i'll see you
on the inside
life is one of two things the result you
wanted or the result you didn't want
if you don't get the result you want you
are by definition doing the wrong thing
and you must change
i think your belief about yourself and
what you're capable of influences your
accomplishments more than you can
imagine
i'm in the skill acquisition game skills
let you do things i'm in the game of
doing the things
my skills allow me to do
go get extraordinary like don't worry
about whether the system is broken or
not
we built quest a billion dollar company
in less than five years coming out of
the great recession
you're the average of the five people
you spend the most time with that's just
true
and but now it's become so common to say
and it's like every instagram post that
i fear it's going to lose its meaning
who are you spending time with
because if you're spending time with
people like you you're spending time
with people like me i'm i'm raising you
up
i'm just not going to spend time with
you so it's like
now if you get in a mix of people like
that who are like man we'd love for you
to raise up to this level but if you
don't it's fine but we're just not going
to spend time with you
all of a sudden that desire to belong to
something powerful that you can see is
going to lead you to your dreams
and i remember saying to my wife over
and over and over they are the surest
path to my success
i don't know anything else i just know
if i can hang on to these guys
they're gonna make me better and so that
was through all the years of being
embarrassed and developing
actually massive anxiety because i was
always
behind i was always the dumbest person
on the phone i was always the dumbest
person in the room
and it was like was i going to be
willing to emotionally
go through that to get great and most
people can't so here's the thing now
imagine
i'm not the only person they said hey
this is a startup you can have any job
you want
they i saw 12 people maybe more
come and go over the years they just
couldn't emotionally deal with it
and so i remember thinking to myself why
is it that i'm able to do this
and the answer was i could self-soothe
faster than anyone else so i would get
kicked in the face and i would do
something really dumb i'd be called an
idiot told how stupid i was
and then i'd just be like all right i
need to re-center and that just became
my obsession i need to be able to
emotionally get back to complete neutral
so fast that you don't even see a
register on my face how'd you do it how
do you do that
literally practicing so remember the
same time i'm reading about the brain
voraciously i'm reading about people
that understand human behavior
i'm getting into cognitive science
neuroscience like really going into it
so i'm reading all this stuff going
whoa we're just a chemical processing
plant there are physiological hooks into
these chemicals so
hey if you're mad scared whatever but
you force yourself to laugh out loud
you will change your neurochemical state
and you literally your experience is the
neurochemistry so i was like
whoa so i could get i could be in a
situation where i'm being berated or i
legitimately mess up and it costs money
and it's like whoa that's on me and it
is nobody's bad but my own
and i realized that what most people do
their strategy is to deflect it it's
your fault not my fault yes
so i started thinking of this as a
metaphor people are throwing gold at me
they're throwing it really hard and i
can put a shield up and deflect it but
then i lose that piece of gold
if i drop my shield and just take the
pain let it hit me in the head
then i bend down and go this thing which
is me being stupid there's a lesson here
and now i have this piece of gold but
the whole thing is i have to be
defenseless
so i have to own it i have to take it i
can't fight if someone is like
this to this day if our team is like hey
there's something we need to point out
to you i'll do this
i square up to it i want them to know
like hey i want to hear it i want to
know like i want to be
literally physically open i'm not going
to close down i'm going to do everything
i can to square
off to open myself so that they know i'm
receptive to
the criticism right because that's the
nugget of gold what i know is it's going
to hurt it's going to sting
but if i can emotionally recenter so
fast you don't even see that i went
through something
now i can just process how do i take
this information you've given me and get
better everything in my life is driven
by how something makes me feel
and i really believe all you have in
this world is how you feel about
yourself when you're by yourself
so in that dark quiet night when you're
all alone
do you feel good or not and so i steer
by that
and when i start losing sleep because
something is stressing me out or i think
i handled something poorly
i have to correct that and what are the
tactics
so part of this is you have a belief
system through which everything is
filtered
so my thing is okay belief system i can
get good at anything i set my mind to
uh belief system number two having a
growth mindset is the absolute ideal
so that means that just because i'm not
good at something now doesn't mean i
can't become good
at it that i should only value myself
for being a learner i shouldn't worry
about being smart
right good talented nothing just the
willingness to stare nakedly at my
inadequacies
so if i've done something and it's
making me feel badly about myself i
start running through those filters also
does this beating myself up is it moving
me towards my goal or away from it now
a little bit of beating yourself up
actually probably does move you towards
your goal because it kicks you in the
ass gets you moving
taking it seriously you're really
thinking about it but then too much of
it begins to erode yourself and so
i have to balance like am i just beating
myself up and now i've taken it too far
and i'm losing sleep over something i
just need to let go
and focus on getting better instead of
punishing myself like just get better at
it
so those those are the tactics that i
use the word yet is a huge tactic for me
tom you suck
oh i'm not good at that yet okay cool
thank you got it
um i can get good at that and just keep
coming back to those
very simple basic building blocks of my
belief system
what i value where my priorities lie
what my goal is having total clarity am
i actually moving towards it
and then just really holding yourself
accountable to that without damaging
your self-esteem
one of my like guiding principles is
never do anything that diminishes you
and then never do anything that moves
you away from your goal so
again goal you have to have that clarity
so i know what i'm trying to do
okay well if i know what i'm trying to
do does beating me
beating myself up over this is that
going to help me or hurt me oh it's
going to hurt me because i'm going gonna
be more likely to slide toward
depression to think less of myself to be
less bold to take less action
okay well then we're not going to do
that and i don't think people
have researched cognitive behavioral
therapy nearly enough
pattern interrupting is like everything
get better at pattern interrupting than
lebron is
at shooting like you just have to be a
ninja like you've got to be so hardcore
you've got to know
about how to do that with yourself so if
i have a negative
thought that's recurring i just tell
myself nope you can't think this anymore
so
and every time it will come up because i
can't stop myself from it popping up
into my conscious mind
but you absolutely can control how the
next thought goes
the next thought can be oh i'm here's
what i'll do with a negative thought
that's so rad i'm so glad this negative
thought appeared in my mind
because that reminds me to be grateful
for the fact that i'm friends with jay
shetty or
that reminds me to be grateful the fact
i have a marriage that is so insanely
cool
that like i legitimately some days have
to stop myself from just curling up in a
ball with her and just chilling all
[__] day
like that is i'm super stoked even now
jay it's so funny
i had to stop and think wait i'm going
through this list of things that i'm
grateful for what started this
and i'm like oh yeah the negative
thought like that actually just happened
right now so you can imagine in real
life when like you train yourself ah
every time the negative thought kicks up
don't
don't sit in the emotion of the
negativity that it will
bring instead use it as a habit loop
trigger
to think about something you're grateful
for and at first it feels
so awkward and it's like the negative
thought just keeps coming back but if
you're diligent
and suddenly negative thoughts become a
habit loop trigger to gratitude
to positivity to repeating your rules
about i don't allow myself to think
things that tear me down so i'm not
going to think about that
even just saying that crowds out that
thought and telling other people that
hey this is what you're doing
it is unbelievable but this is why i'm
saying i'm literally just a patchwork
of all these like tools and techniques
that allow me to protect myself from
negative self-talk from anxiety from
depression i don't think i've ever
officially been in depression
but i've been super [__] close enough
to know the feeling of staring into the
void which i don't think is
accurate it feels like the void is
collapsing in around you
and just everything is meaningless and
it is all utterly hopeless
and i've had just enough of a glimpse of
how
hopeless that is to to get where people
are in those moments but anxiety
that i've been in the thick of
so that one i know and i've used cbt
cognitive behavioral therapy to do
interrupts on that
i have a very well developed negative
voice so
i have had to use tools and techniques
to stop that
i never would have become a successful
entrepreneur if i couldn't
learn to self-soothe and at one point
that was what i would have said was my
secret power
that my secret power in business was i
can self-soothe faster than anybody else
i just keep coming back to being the
learner right so
your identity isn't group a
politic this politic that tribe this
tribe that it is
i'm a learner first and foremost i'm
somebody that wants to bring value to
myself into the world
first and foremost so it's like once you
get to that then
as people are assaulting you chances of
them
triggering a self-esteem like in
like if somebody wanted to hurt my
self-esteem they would need to call me
out on
on are you really spending time learning
or have you really improved i think
you're the same that you were two years
ago like
whoa like if i really like you said felt
that that might be true
then i would really that would cause
some [__] into question for me
because that's my identity right so if
somebody came to you and said actually
you're not a learner
for me where my belief is now that's so
absurdist
that i would brush it off but if they
were able to like compel me to see it
the funny thing is being a learner then
kicks in again
and i'm like [__] if they're really
right then here's my chance to finally
actually be a learner
but so that's why i think that one's
anti-fragile but that's where it's like
you can get yourself into trouble if
they're
hitting on the very thing that your
identity and self-esteem are tied to
recognizing that brain plasticity is
real
and so much of who we are let's say it's
roughly
science says it's roughly 50 it's not me
making it up
that 50 is hardwired and you're not
going to be able to do anything about it
but 50
is insanely malleable and um i love this
quote so great
that you can't make a racehorse out of a
pig but you can make a really fast pig
and i thought okay cool so maybe i'll
never be a racehorse but i can be a
really fast pig
and so whenever i'm feeling badly about
myself or something knocks me off center
i just come back to that idea of
what's useful how do you move forward
like even if you're not going to be the
greatest of all time
does it benefit you to act as if you
could become
the greatest of all time if you pour
yourself into it and so i don't know
that i'll ever end up being the greatest
anything but dude acting like i can and
like
really practicing and moving through the
world like i can become the greatest
has propelled me forward yeah because
acting like you can't
won't get you there yeah won't make you
good probably or great if you're
constantly
obsessing over why i'm not good enough
or why i'll never become great
so acting like you can at least gives
you a much better chance of getting
somewhere
than nowhere 100 it's what i call the
only belief that matters
the only belief that matters is that if
i put time and energy into getting a new
skill
i actually will get better at that thing
and if you
then extrapolate that and say and skills
actually have utility they matter so
knowing how to build a business that
doesn't fall or build a business build a
building that doesn't fall down is
very very useful for a build a business
it doesn't fall apart yeah that's it
right so those skills actually let you
do things and so that's become sort of
my obsession
is getting people to understand you
don't read a book to check a box you
don't go to school to impress your
parents
you do it because the skill that you
will acquire lets you do something in
the world that
other people can't do or you wouldn't be
able to do and that has a material
impact on your life yeah i feel like you
and i are very similar in the fact that
we talk about skills a lot acquiring new
skills and i think when you have a down
phase or a breakdown phase that's when
you should think about what are the
skills i'm lacking that could benefit me
so this doesn't happen again
everybody lean in if you're listening to
this this is one of those things that
audacity is is nothing don't worry about
being audacious
the reason people fear being audacious
is they don't want to be
me ten years from now when this all
fails right they're thinking oh man what
if this doesn't work this guy's gonna
look like an [__]
and it's like yeah maybe other people
will think that i'm a total dumbass it
doesn't matter
and why doesn't it matter because of
techne because if i know how to build a
house
i can build a house so my thing is i'm
not trying to posture or be cool
i'm telling you i have a set of [__]
skills that set of skills lets me do
things
i'm just interested in doing those
things so whether or not i hit my
timelines
does not matter i'm in the skill
acquisition game
skills let you do things i'm in the game
of doing the things my skills allow me
to do
so i want to impact people's lives maybe
i'm not able to pull it off at a film
level
i'll find another way or maybe it takes
me a lot longer to pull it off okay fine
as long as i love what i'm doing even
when i'm failing there's nothing to lose
no because you know on this idea of
technique along the way
you are fulfilled with every step on the
journey for sure right
every time you upload a new you know
conversation new episode of your show
it's it's it's a it's a cool feeling to
be able to put that out there and know
that it is quote unquote you know
impacting people
and it is it is and that's the thing you
know this like you
you say something into a microphone like
right now the the feeling that i have
while i know people are listening the
feeling i have is it's just us in this
room
but one day somebody's gonna come up to
you or me and say i heard that podcast
you guys did and it really touched
me and it changed me in this way that's
all i need
so i'm not i'm not afraid to be
audacious because i know that you're
never going to
exceed what you're aiming at so you're
only your
hope is to hit some percentage of what
you're aiming at so i might as well
dream massive
and one it excites me and then two i'm
not afraid of the failure
so once you have that like oh it's
exciting for me to dream big
and i'm hyper conscious of you break it
down in small pieces like i'm
i'm not worried about building theme
parks and all that stuff right now what
i'm doing right now today is
make a good comic put out a good
interview show that's it
that's what my life consists of stay in
business be profitable
like those are the things that i think
about so i keep my
you know my goals my immediate term
goals very manageable but i make sure
that they're feeding naturally into the
grand vision
but i don't get scared or lost and
thinking oh my god i have to do all that
nope
right now today i need to read a script
i need to make sure it's okay i need to
authorize it to be drawn
that's it that's today and as long as
you're able to focus on that and get
good at that
and then just always push yourself to
make your skill set better and better
and better as long as it's leading
towards that thing and you have clarity
on where you're trying to go so you make
sure the skills you're acquiring will
actually lead you there
you'll be fine i love the mindset stuff
i love it
and it's changed my life and i love
watching somebody's eyes light up when
they get it for the first time and so i
created impact theory university
and it is the book but in lecture form
yeah
and so i've already created that stuff
now i know that i would open up a much
bigger
market if i were to make the book so
that those people could go oh my god
this stuff is life-changing and then i
say
you like the book you'll love impact
theory university sign up today
and it would quintuple our business
overnight i can pretty much
guarantee it when you say no to
something that comes with a lot of zeros
you do so because of your value system
and
what i value when i think about tom bill
you on his deathbed if i may speak in
the third person
i think of myself on my deathbed i don't
regret
not writing the book but i regret
tremendously
not telling stories because i think
if i want to impact 100 of the world two
percent of them can be impacted with
what we're doing right now
where you say think like this act like
this
it will make your life better and two
percent will do it it's amazing now
i don't mean two percent of your
audience your audience is the two
percent they have selected themselves
out they watch your show
so now some ungodly number of them are
going to go out and do it because they
belong to that very rare
group the 98 though they will not
and the i became obsessed with this
because
working at quest i had 3 000 employees a
thousand of them grew up in the inner
cities
and many of them could process raw data
faster than i could they were smarter
than me
but they had done nothing with their
life and they were not going to do
anything with their life
not that would be remembered or anything
that even they valued
right and when i boiled down to why
not it came down to they didn't have a
growth mindset they didn't have the only
belief that matters
so i thought okay well how do i get it
to them so i we created quest university
and i would show up early i would stay
late i would tell anybody anything they
wanted to know about mindset building a
business whatever
and two percent of them did it and it
was life-changing and it's amazing and i
still get phone calls from people like
you changed my life
it's amazing but it's only two percent
the other 98 are either apathetic or
actively antagonistic to change
so how do you reach them entertainment
the punch line is you have to get to the
limbic system which you do through
entertainment
so you tell them tv movies yeah
i really believe that the way that
humans assimilate truly disruptive
information is through narrative
and so part of the way that i've changed
my life that i've opened my mind to
things like a growth mindset is through
like the matrix it's not a mistake that
the matrix came out the
year that i was going through this like
am i
able to improve myself or not the movie
comes out ends up becoming the dominant
metaphor of my life
i'd love to say that it was a lightning
rod moment when i saw it my life has
changed forever it wasn't like that
but it planted a seed that i just kept
coming back to oh man it's like neo in
the matrix oh man
you just start piecing together like
these fascinating belief systems
because a lot of times the wisest
characters and films are often taken
from
like yoda sounds exactly like loudzou
the daodejing so it's like basically
you've got george lucas who's very
familiar with eastern philosophy
talking eastern philosophy through this
little puppet but
especially if you hear it when you're
young man like your mind is really open
to it so
because of star wars i ended up becoming
obsessed with the dow dishing
and then because of that that ultimately
was my doorway to a growth mindset
i hope you guys are enjoying this
episode which is brought to you by
impact theory university's
business decision making workshop with
nine full-length classes
and weekly live case studies with me
the business decision making workshop is
a hands-on
approach to honing your abilities to
scale your business
i'm going to be in there with you
working through your hardest problems so
that you'll be able to master
how to overcome any impediment by
getting the most foundational way to
think through
novel problems and that my friends is
exactly
what you need to do if you want to scale
your company and have the kind of crazy
success
you've always dreamed i promise it is
possible this is teachable this is
something that you can learn
it is a process that you can deploy
against your business
and be able to move confidently forward
just go
right now to decision.impacttheory.com
to apply do not delay my friends spots
are limited again go to
decision.impacttheory.com and apply
today
i'll see you guys on the inside
if there were only three books you could
recommend to people
that this all the books they could read
in their life this is the hardest thing
probably but
if you're like three books to live a
better life to understand the world and
to just
thrive what would you say are those
three books it's not a hard question but
it's one that i'm sure i will answer
differently every time somebody asks
uh number one is mindset by carol dweck
it's great
it's the most important book in the
english language
uh number two is the obstacle is the way
by ryan holiday
which is an absolutely extraordinary
book
and then number three is extreme
ownership by jocko willing
he's great and leif babin shout out to
leif the first is read the book mindset
by carol dweck
period it's it's so critical man and it
just lays the foundation for how to
think
um that that's step number one step
number two is you will only ever get in
your life what you
absolutely must have your absolute
obsession
so you that says your obsessions become
your possessions that is so
true and so getting people to understand
that that level of like i
must have this until it is that
like whatever it is if it's taking care
of your wife if it's doing something rad
for your mom if it's having a beach
house whatever it is
until you need that like you need oxygen
you won't get it
it is going to demand so much of you
you're going to fall so many times
there's going to be so many obstacles
and unless it must happen in your life
one of them will make you stop
like you said you can't be for sale like
if your will can be bought
it doesn't make you a bad person man it
really doesn't but if your will can be
bought you're just not gonna get it
it's all your fault everything
every bad thing that has ever happened
to you is your fault
and if tonight a meteorite comes
screaming through the atmosphere
crashes into my bedroom and kills my
wife i will know
that that is my fault now i use the word
fault
to shake people up i know that it's
making you mad right now i know that it
winds you up and you think that i'm
victim shaming
and when you get beyond that and you
realize all i'm trying to do is remind
you that you are never
ever ever ever a victim unless you
choose to be
everything in your life will change
you're always in control even if that's
a lie and i don't care if it is
even if a meteorite coming in and
killing my wife couldn't possibly be my
fault i'm going to own it
because the second i give away my power
to somebody else
i'm now at something else's mercy and
there's some line
that i can't cross that i'm no longer in
control
and i refuse to do that um if i could
give anybody a gift it would be that for
you to own that
completely top to bottom and to know
that every good thing that's ever
happened in your life no matter how much
it seemed like luck or coincidence that
was you you earned that you put yourself
in that position
and as you move forward life is one of
two things the result you wanted or the
result you didn't want
if you don't get the result you want you
are by definition doing the wrong thing
and you must change
if you get the result that you want then
you did the right thing simple as
no gray nothing in between that's it
it's all
your fault and that's the best news
possible i don't think that thinking
something or saying something makes it
true but i think that
thinking something and saying something
makes you believe it and the things you
believe you will unintentionally
guide yourself towards um i think your
belief about yourself and what you're
capable of
influences your accomplishments more
than you can imagine
just because you don't put in the extra
mile of effort or whatever that it was
going to take because you don't believe
that you can
or you don't even allow yourself to
dream it and if you don't dream it
you're never going to come up with a
plan
so it is wildly influential in terms of
what happens
just not in a mystical way in a very
like tactical
you just end up either doing or not
doing the things you should
to me greatness is leaving it all out on
the field like you can't
guarantee results but you can guarantee
like did you really play to win and this
is something that
i am heartbroken for other people if
they're not playing to win
and the only reason to not play to win
is if you don't think you can win
and you value yourself for winning so my
thing is
maybe i can't win i think the odds are
actually against me building the next
disney
but it's such a fun game to play because
i only value myself for this sincere
pursuit
so greatness to me is not about
achieving something it's about playing
all out sincerely pursuing it
so i'm chasing money for eight and a
half years my mantra is i want to get
rich that's it there's no rich
father-in-law i want you rich you
promised you're gonna be rich you always
wanted to be rich when you were young
100 right so and that didn't that wasn't
a dirty word for me i didn't understand
people who were conflicted about money
i was like it's powerful so i want to
get rich and
and i just made it all about that and so
for six and a half of those years
i didn't take days off even when we
would go to london for christmas
i had like a video camera that would
allow well this is actually slightly in
the future but a great example
i would take a video camera that would
let me watch the production line at
quest
so like that kind of obsessive like i'm
all in yeah back in the technology
company same kind of thing but
i would either be working on the tech
company or trying to start other
companies at night
so we talk a lot about we had like five
or six companies fail all side hustles
yeah but it was like we just kept
trying to learn and figure this out and
so
growing in that becoming better
understanding marketing helping elevate
the company
really rising up to a pure status
watching other people fall away because
they couldn't emotionally hang in the
environment
and yeah then they made me i didn't ask
for a raise for five years
i was like i want to be i want to be so
valuable that they feel gross for what
they're paying me
yeah and so because i wanted the equity
i didn't want the i didn't want the
salary
yep so i was like dude i'm in this for
the equity you have to worry about me
equity equity equity i just kept it on
their mind like hey
you said that was a possibility i want
you to know that means everything to me
and that's why i'm here
and so hit the six and a half year mark
i'm 10 owner in the company and i'm
completely miserable
and i burned out and i realized that
entrepreneurship had given given given
it was making me stronger bigger faster
and now it's beginning to take away
because i didn't care about the product
i didn't love what we were doing i
wasn't passionate i was just chasing
money and money just wasn't that
interesting
at that point on paper we both know the
difference between paper money and real
money
right but on paper i was a
multi-millionaire and
i went in and i said guys here's your
equity back i'm quitting
i'm not crossing the finish line so i
don't think i should get anything for
this
and it actually ended up being like a
really cathartic moment where
we could all say what we've been feeling
which is yet none of us are happy
and so it became well if we're going to
keep doing this if we're going to keep
building businesses
because by then it was very clear to me
the struggle is guaranteed the success
is not
and so i'm going to go do something i
love
and they agreed they felt the same so we
said okay well what would we build
that we would love even if we were
failing and so for three very different
reasons
that became a nutrition company and for
me it was i grew up in a morbidly obese
family my uncle essentially ate himself
to death when i was 12 years old and it
was scary and sad
my mom is morbidly obese has been my
entire life my sister's morbidly obese
has been almost her entire life
my dad at one point was morbidly obese
and then lost weight but it was like
that's just where my family
lived and so i was like they're going to
die far sooner than they need to
and there's this great mother teresa
quote nobody will act for the many
but people will act for the one and so i
just needed to wake up every day and
think about my mom and my sister and
that was it and i thought i can show up
every day and fight for them it's not
about the money anymore
i can fight for them and look we
a lot of business acumen went into this
this was not just we had good intentions
and it built a big business it was
we understood business right i had now
been in business for eight and a half
years grinding it out building this
technology
company which was hard as hell yeah and
but now we were able to marry that and
by the way we took the
tech company through the recession and
everything so i mean it was like i'd
taken some knocks
so we really understood business at this
point and
so now we're going to start something
predicated entirely on value creation
that was like our
mantra doesn't matter what's more
profitable
matters what adds more value and so we
we literally were saying these things
and we also we didn't actually throw our
hands in a pile of wish we had to be a
cooler story
but like all but that said and each of
us needs to have
fun every day what makes you happy
the the easy answer and the most
truthful answer is time with my wife
the other answer to what makes me happy
there's really two things so time with
my wife
and then the pursuit which i'll put in
all caps right
so the pursuit of whatever the pursuit
of getting better the pursuit of
impacting the world the pursuit of
building something big that
that matters the pursuit maybe i never
get it i don't care about that i care
about the pursuit i care about whether
sincerely
i'm actually trying to make it happen
not bullshitting yeah not just like
empty dreams but like for real i'm
actually giving myself over to this
and i spent a lot of time in the inner
cities a big brother for this one kid
for eight and a half years
completely changed my life and then
having
1400 employees and about a thousand of
which grew up
hard in the inner cities hard i mean
most of them grew up in compton i mean
it was just some of the most
extraordinary stories i've ever heard
and i realized that those people are as
extraordinary as
anybody barack obama oprah winfrey
tony robbins like they all those same
raw materials exist in people in the
inner cities that nobody believes and
nobody thinks will ever go anywhere
and they won't because they don't
believe in themselves and so we were
talking
at our most honest like what what are we
really driven by
and i'm driven by that moment of
awakening which i had in my own life
where i finally realized
wait i can learn new things so just
because i'm not good today doesn't mean
i can't be good tomorrow
and and that filled me with so much
excitement i want to see that in other
people and i want to see what the world
looks like
when other people realize wait a second
that steve jobs quote that the world is
made by
people no smarter than you is actually
true
and so if you're believing that these
people are smarter than you because you
did bad on your sats i'm just going to
tell you right now
stop so you can develop yourself so my
obsession became that humans are the
ultimate adaptation machine we are
literally
wired from the ground up in order to
grow and improve under stress and
pressure so
it's like what's the phrase uh pressure
can burst pipes but it also creates
diamonds
so it's like you need the pressure and
yes it can hurt
but it can also make something amazing
if you're willing to put yourself in
that situation so
it's a weird twist of fate that humans
in order to build the muscle you first
have to tear it right yeah so
but once you accept that that's how it
works you can do extraordinary things
thank you for watching this episode
which again was brought to you by impact
theory's very own
business decision making workshop if you
guys are ready to take your business to
the next level by investing in yourself
and learning the first principles of
business
then i want you to take action right now
and go to
decision.impacttheory.com
to apply i promise you i am giving you
every
piece of information that you will need
to overcome any obstacle that your
company is facing
to stare down problems that will arrive
a year
five years after you take the course
this is
the strategies of business decision
making that
every successful entrepreneur has to
learn to deploy against their company if
they want to grow
all right guys i promise it will deliver
10x the value of what you pay for it and
if it doesn't i'll give you your money
back no
questions asked you know me i live in
the public eye there's nowhere for me to
hide
this is me trying to give as much value
as humanly possible i really think this
class would be transformative
and i hope you will sign up and i will
see you in the next live class alright
guys take care and be legendary